today that Gunung I've never seen this I
just know that this is a method of Tracy
the helicopter flies up to the animal
I'll be in the helicopter with John and
we just fire a net over this animals
galloping away from us and that's where
that the big physical part of it is is
the animal goes from 60 kilometers an
hour to a standstill within 10 meters
the neck can entangle them they can do
somersaults they can break their neck we
can break their legs the lead weights
can actually hit them as well I mean we
do it under duress
but because we have to eradicate all
black fella based on the farm it's
either this or a bullet the most
dangerous type of flying the jump will
doing that Gunung and he doesn't do it
willingly but it's our only option to
finish off this job just gonna test-fire
this to make sure all the the Nets come
out really perfect
managed to be very close from the net
went over but he wasn't completely down
so we have to get to him very very
quickly basically we're not dealing with
the drugged animal we're dealing it's
really conscious but Mulder b-school
okay I managed to get last of that will
to be schools must be followed up and
that's first however being involved in
that gun is extremely exciting and I
wouldn't choose it as an act of capture
don't have any options but it is very
exciting complaining on the radio the
non can give it directly but no one can
lift it on to point because they're
holding on